# Women in Energy Services App

## Overview

The **Women in Energy Services App** is a dedicated platform aimed at showcasing certified
energy services provided by women professionals who are licensed by the **Superintendencia
de Electricidad y Combustibles (SEC)**. This app addresses the current disparity in the
representation of women within the energy sector by providing a gender-inclusive
perspective to energy-related services that are often overlooked in Chile.

While the official SEC website ([www.sec.cl](https://www.sec.cl)) offers a comprehensive
list of certified energy professionals, the gender perspective is not adequately
highlighted. The Women in Energy Services App serves as an alternative platform,
exclusively focusing on the women professionals certified by SEC. It aims to promote
gender diversity within the energy industry and empower women in their pursuit of
energy-related careers.

## Key Features

### 1. Women-Centric Listings

The app exclusively features certified energy professionals who identify as women. It
provides detailed profiles of each professional, showcasing their expertise, achievements,
and the range of energy services they offer.

### 2. User-Friendly Search

Users can easily search for specific energy services or professionals using filters such
as location, specialization, and service type. The intuitive search functionality ensures
that users can quickly find the services they need.

### 3. Certification Verification

Each professional's certification can be verified through the app, offering users
confidence in the authenticity of the displayed credentials. This feature ensures that
users can trust the qualifications of the women professionals listed.

### 4. Inspiring Stories

The app highlights success stories, interviews, and articles about women who have excelled
in the energy sector. These stories serve as inspiration for aspiring professionals and
contribute to breaking down gender stereotypes in the industry.

### 5. Community Engagement

A built-in community forum allows users to connect, share experiences, and discuss
energy-related topics. This feature fosters a supportive network for women in the energy
sector, facilitating knowledge sharing and collaboration.

### 6. Events and Workshops

The app promotes upcoming energy-related events, workshops, and conferences specifically
focused on women professionals. Users can stay informed about opportunities to enhance
their skills and expand their networks.

## Addressing Gender Disparity

The energy sector has historically been male-dominated, and the representation of women
professionals in the field remains limited. Out of the 11,500 certified energy
professionals nationwide, only 270 are women. The Women in Energy Services App is designed
to contribute to bridging this gender gap by providing visibility and recognition to the
women who are making significant contributions to the industry.

## How to Contribute

This app is an open project, and contributions are welcome. If you are a developer,
designer, or advocate for gender diversity in the energy sector, your participation can
help enhance the app's features and impact. To contribute, please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch for your feature or improvement.
3. Implement your changes and improvements.
4. Submit a pull request, explaining the changes you've made.

## Get in Touch

We value your feedback and suggestions. If you have any questions, ideas, or concerns,
please reach out to us at [ccamposn@minenergia.cl](mailto:ccamposn@minenergia.cl).

This is a public and open initiative, so let's work together to empower women
professionals in the energy sector and promote a more inclusive and diverse industry.
